so I wish we could take a show of hands
here on who's frustrated with our new
challenges with Google Calendar so in
Windows 8 so the Windows 8 calendar no
longer supports Google Calendar so you
cannot synchronize any of the work that
you're doing in your Google Calendar
with your Windows 8 calendar so let's go
ahead and take a look here at a few
settings here if we go to settings and
accounts we can see here that when we
add an account although your display may
look a little different you may have a
Google toolbar here the general gist of
it is that when you get done you're not
going to be able to synchronize your
calendar and even if it says content to
sync and it says calendar right here
it's still not gonna work so how do we
get around this dilemma so that we can
actually be functional and synchronize
our devices with our Windows 8 calendar
now notice on the screen here that it
wants me to sign-in it sees my gmail
account as my account that I'm using for
Windows 8 this is not a problem but we
don't want to sign in using Gmail what
we're going to do is just come down here
and say sign in with a different
Microsoft account so we're just going to
go ahead and select that now since we're
creating a new account here we're going
to just going to click on this link down
here that says sign up now sign up now
so go ahead and select that we don't
need to log on here we just need to take
to sign up now I can see here you're
gonna fill in your information right and
and do all this is pretty standard stuff
you know you'll sign on here but you
know we're gonna create a new account so
you can go ahead and do that
and that will give you a msn or live
account or whatever whatever type of
account that you would like
once you get done filling in the form I
always like to go back to our sign-in so
we can just go right back to this URL
here and sign in again I'm just gonna
hit the sign-in button here and go back
to that sign-in page and I like to check
to make sure I've got the username right
you know and and I've got the password
information correct so I went ahead and
just put my information in here and I'm
just gonna click on sign-in and what
this is going to do is just validate
that my sign-in information is correct
and I'm ready to go into Windows 8 and
take care of take care of putting in
this new Windows 8 calendar so that
it'll synchronize with my other devices
so again our next step step number two
is we're going to connect this new
Microsoft email to Windows 8 so let's go
ahead and do that by coming over here
and selecting Devices accounts and then
we're going to add the account now we've
already added it here but I'm going to
walk you through how to do that so we're
just going to hit add and then we're
gonna go to hotmail here and we're gonna
add whatever account we want you to fill
in this space so that we can have that
calendar available to us so all I'm
going to do is type in my email address
um using my wife's butt type in my email
address and the password and hit connect
now again the second process here is
we're going to add the account put in
the email address and we're creating
this in Windows 8 right now so this is
kind of step two usually once it
connects you're gonna see some sort of
syncing going on here we can go back
here to settings and accounts and we can
see that that account right here was
added to the end of the environment so
we can click on that and tell it what we
want it to synchronize we can just have
it synchronize the calendar and so in
this instance we may not want email we
may just want the calendar now since
you've created a dummy account that's
brand-new so that you can just use your
calendar
you can probably stay with synchronize
email and contacts and whatever because
it doesn't matter but if you're using an
older account an account that you've had
before you may want to look at these
options so here we can adjust it to be
every 15 minutes we can rename this to
whatever we want and go ahead and go
there and so now what we're going to see
is we're going to start seeing calendar
entries from Maria's account
my wife's account to appear here on my
calendar as well so I'm going to go
ahead I'm in this smaller window here so
number 3 here is going to be to check
and sync via email so we can check the
email synchronization so to do that
we're going to go over here to this
window we're going to take email here
we're just going to drag them over on
top of there and then we're gonna go
ahead and select that account right
there alright and so we can just have
this account now if we want to
synchronize we can pull up from the
bottom or we can select down there at
the bottom like the easier to see in
this view we can select here and hit
sync we'll see here
synchronizing here at top and what
that's going to do is synchronize all of
that data and then with that data of
course we're going to see everything
that's added from our calendar here from
that account we'll see on this screen
here so that's kind of kind of how you
do it sync with email and the fourth
thing thing we need to do is sync our
devices right and so our devices for
example I use an Android phone you're
gonna have to go into the Android store
and then select out of there a program
that does MSN Mail then we'll import it
into your calendar for the Android I
just did a search in the store and I
searched for MSN Calendar inside the
store
you could do it on MSN mail for perhaps
and that would get you what you need to
do so